Fix #20616 Confirmation button in track designer's quit prompt has the wrong text (#21187)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

------------------------------------------------------------------------
- Improved: [#18632] Land ownership and construction rights are now shown on top of the water.
- Improved: [#20951] Activate OpenRCT2 window after using native file dialog on macOS.

> - Fix: [#20616] Confirmation button in the track designer's quit prompt now says "OK".

Reviewer: Fixes in the changelog should list the problem, rather than the solution. Also, we use proper quotation marks instead of typewriter quotes.

```suggestion
- Fix: [#20616] Confirmation button in the track designer’s quit prompt has the wrong text.
```
